#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in requirements-extras.in setup.py
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
apeye==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   visions
autodocsumm==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
babel==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx-toolbox
bleach==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
cachecontrol[filecache]==0.12.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via wandb
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   tqdm
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   recommonmark
cssutils==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   dict2css
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   deprecation-alias
deprecation-alias==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
dict2css==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinx-toolbox
domdf-python-tools==3.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   apeye
    #   dict2css
    #   sphinx-toolbox
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbformat
fonttools==4.33.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.27
    # via wandb
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   apeye
    #   requests
imagehash==4.2.1
    # via visions
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   click
    #   cssutils
    #   domdf-python-tools
    #   jsonschema
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
importlib-resources==5.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
ipykernel==6.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.32.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jinja2-compat
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
jupyter-client==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
livereload==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-autobuild
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   cachecontrol
    #   sphinx-toolbox
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   sphinx-jinja2-compat
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
missingno==0.5.1
    # via pandas-profiling
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   cachecontrol
multimethod==1.8
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   typing-inspect
natsort==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   domdf-python-tools
nbclient==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.6.3
    # via visions
notebook==6.4.11
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
    #   xgboost
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   deprecation
    #   deprecation-alias
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   poniard (setup.py)
    #   seaborn
    #   visions
pandas-profiling==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-extras.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jedi
pathtools==0.1.2
    # via wandb
phik==0.12.2
    # via pandas-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
pillow==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   apeye
plotly==5.7.0
    # via poniard (setup.py)
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   notebook
promise==2.3
    # via wandb
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via wandb
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   wandb
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.9.0
    # via pandas-profiling
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   wandb
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.3.0
    # via imagehash
pywin32==303
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   wandb
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   jupyter
qtpy==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   qtconsole
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   apeye
    #   cachecontrol
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   sphinx
    #   wandb
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   poniard (setup.py)
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements-extras.in
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   notebook
sentry-sdk==1.5.11
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.2.3
    # via wandb
shortuuid==1.0.9
    # via wandb
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   html5lib
    #   imagehash
    #   livereload
    #   plotly
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   wandb
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   autodocsumm
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-autobuild==2021.3.14
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-bootstrap-theme==0.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
sphinx-jinja2-compat==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-prompt==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-tabs==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-toolbox==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
terminado==0.13.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   livereload
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   poniard (setup.py)
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   domdf-python-tools
    #   gitpython
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
    #   kiwisolver
    #   pydantic
    #   sphinx-toolbox
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   sphinx-toolbox
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.4
    # via pandas-profiling
wandb==0.12.16
    # via -r requirements-extras.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
widgetsnbextension==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   ipywidgets
xgboost==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   poniard (setup.py)
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-dev.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
