#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
apeye==1.2.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
autodocsumm==0.2.7
    # via sphinx-toolbox
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
black==22.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachecontrol[filecache]==0.12.10
    # via sphinx-toolbox
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.3
    # via black
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autobuild
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
cssutils==2.4.0
    # via dict2css
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via deprecation-alias
deprecation-alias==0.3.1
    # via sphinx-toolbox
dict2css==0.3.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinx-toolbox
domdf-python-tools==3.2.2.post1
    # via
    #   apeye
    #   dict2css
    #   sphinx-toolbox
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
html5lib==1.1
    # via sphinx-toolbox
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   apeye
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.11.1
    # via
    #   click
    #   cssutils
    #   domdf-python-tools
    #   jsonschema
    #   pluggy
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.9.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.31.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyter-client==7.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
livereload==2.6.3
    # via sphinx-autobuild
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   sphinx-toolbox
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.3
    # via cachecontrol
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
natsort==8.1.0
    # via domdf-python-tools
nbclient==0.5.11
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.2
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   deprecation
    #   deprecation-alias
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==2.5.0
    # via
    #   apeye
    #   black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-client
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   babel
pywin32==303
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.2
    # via terminado
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.1
    # via qtconsole
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   apeye
    #   cachecontrol
    #   sphinx
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via sphinx-toolbox
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel-yaml
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   livereload
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   autodocsumm
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-autobuild==2021.3.14
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-bootstrap-theme==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinx-prompt==1.5.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-tabs==3.2.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-toolbox==2.18.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via sphinx-toolbox
terminado==0.13.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   livereload
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typed-ast==1.5.2
    # via black
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   black
    #   domdf-python-tools
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
    #   sphinx-toolbox
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via sphinx-toolbox
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
